the camera bhandari is proud to be
sponsored by caravan guard insurance get
a quick discounted quote at caravan
guard co dot UK / caravan diary it's
saturday morning at the manchester
caravan and motorhome show and eternity
caravan so finally got one of their
caravans here it's the first one of
their American build prototypes to
comment the UK I think they've got a
couple more and they had open to have
another one on the stand unfortunately
they've only managed to get one through
customs yesterday and it's they're being
prepped up for show today so they will
have a caravan with a pop out on show
today from the outside it looks
impressive it looks quite British
especially from the back end and I think
the inside is going to look pretty good
as well so we'll see how that looks in
just a few moments one of the American
features that will stay with the caravan
is the awning
is a power adorning that actually comes
out automatically on a button press and
all you have to do is put two poles in
to support it that's going to be a
standard feature on all these caravans
we're aboard the new eternity six berths
twin axle caravan I'm actually sitting
in the pop app which is what's called in
the state a kiddie danette untold
incident that converts into a single
bunk for the children there's in the
back of the caravan a stack of three
bunk beds and in the front end you've
got a giant sized convertible double
really nice banks of sleeping space and
of course the caravan itself feels so
spacious because of the popper because
it just is fast the galley area very
smart Island sink decent sized cooker
plenty of storage a microwave and plenty
of storage above it's really a very
smart caravan and that's our first look
at the interior of this new caravan from
eternity caravans built in America as a
prototype soon to be built in the UK I
think it could be a winner and I think
it could upset the established order a
bit one of the things that we've noted
is all the manufacturers in the UK had a
good look at this vehicle I think
they're all thinking of what they could
do to compete with this kind of Caravan
especially on this use life size and
completeness the air conditioning unit
for example is something that
manufacturers will add for you as an
optional extra but it costs a fortune in
this Caravan it's part of the package
carib and arrow is proud to be sponsored
by caravan guard insurance insurance for
caravans folding campers trailer tents
and motorhomes caravan da reviewers
qualify for up to ten percent club
member insurance discounts get a quick
quote at caravan guard co uk / caravan
diary